All right welcome back my students now there are.
Cal has being activated.
Verify.
Now I think for those of you out of the country I think that will work if you will your phone number
in there if for some reason it doesn't work.
You can always contact their support team and ask them how you can verify your account.
For some reason it doesn't work on verify.
I haven't tried it every time I open an account.
I always verify it but you know you're welcome to try it to see if it works on verify if not just contact
the support team if your phone number doesn't work if you are out of the country or something.
All right.
But anyway so now that we have activated our account you can go to the right hand side here and you
have your app you have your API keys.
Now every time you refresh here you see you click here it's going to refresh is going to give you a
new API key so that's what I'm going to do to get new API keys to our record wall his videos.
Right.
So that way you guys will have my eyes I know some of you tried to you know hack into people's software
and stuff.
And that's not cool.
I'm joking guys and Joe can know you guys are my students and you guys my students don't do that.
All right.
But anyway let's go and set this up in our project.
Right so let's open up our BHB storm or whatever it is or you're using and let's open our our new project
our new installations so our new installation is.
Let's see if I can find the year somewhere.
Me and applications actually.
So many things.
It gets overwhelming to go to where I need to go.
And let's go to our new installation which is mail way here.
Cool.
All right.
So to send mail or either a couple of ways that we can do that and the best way to do this is setting
everything up in the data in the file.
These are your environment your variables environment here.
All right.
Environment variables page or should I say.
So this is very safe.
Every time you blow this or somewhere else this is going I get it.
Ignore it especially if you're taking it to get help.
All right.
But anyway we're going to touch on that later about sending this to gay hub or you know using good.
Hopefully we can add a section to this course for that.
But anyway so this is where your mail data your mail information goes.
All right.
So you want to put a here so that way is not available to anywhere else in your application you don't
want to be sending this to somewhere where you're poor information is there right.
You don't want to do that.
All right cool.
So how do we set up mail going.
All right.
So the first thing is the mail driver here we got to change this to mail going.
Then we change what we got to add a couple of variables here and I'll show you right now let's go to
com Feg and we have this mailed out BHB here that we have to set up a little bit.
And we also have this Services page where you can see the environmental variable here environment variable
mail gun domain mail gun secret we need those we need those in the other side in the EMV file.
So that way we can connect to their API.
All right but let's let's start with let's start we mailed out BHB first and then we'll see it we'll
go to EMV.
So here the only thing that we have to change here we have the drivers give us the full tuus a.p.
If it's not set up in the environment environment file if it's not set up in the DMV is going to go
to US anti-people We already set it but set it up here so we don't have nothing to worry about.
Then the hose is already set up by default to Melgen.
If yours is not.
Make sure that yours is all right.
We shouldn't worry too much about this here because we're going to have we're going to connect here
.
We're not going to even use his Mellowes.
All right.
So we are not going to use this a.p that's when you use and a.p then you can use these in environment
variables.
That's a.p.
The poor the user name and password that's when you connect it to a.p we're not going to be doing that
.
So but if you wanted to this is where you would connect to a centipede like two to connect to Google
OK.
But anyway so let's go back here.
By default 587 That's OK let's put From address here.
I'm going to put Edwin that courting and you can put or whatever yes you or I really doesn't matter
.
Faculty call and my name of course is ideas.
There we go.
And this is all we've got to do here.
Everything else is done in the M.V. OK.
We're not setting up a centerpiece So let's go to let's go here real quick and I'm going to take all
this off are actually you know the only thing that I'm going to leave is the driver.
So I'm going to use male gun.
Actually it's like this male gun domain.
Right.
And we'll put the domain there later.
But right now we need to set this up.
Male gun secret FBI key.
All right cool.
So now let's go back to male gun real quick and let's find that so let's go to domain's and we're going
to be using somebody for later on we're going to set this up to where it goes to our domain because
in sandbox when you're using this sometimes you can get this to a spam folder you know it goes through
the spam for that when you use this sandbox sometimes.
Sometimes not all the time so it's better that you go and create your own domain and to create your
own domain.
We'll check into that later.
But it's super easy but let's do it like this first and let's try it.
And if he goes to spam we'll try to Domingue even if it doesn't we'll still try that domain see how
it goes.
OK guys.
All right so let's get the domain right here.
All right.
Let's go to our application real quick song on that domain there.
And the secret key is disarray here actually right here.
So when I say show them a copy when I go back here we go.
I always keep losing my editor.
Where do we go.
So we've got a driver mail gone.
We have the domain and we have the secret key and we'll make sure that we put the little symbol there
.
All right.
All right so after this all we have to do is set up our route and test route and see how it works.
Anyway thank you so much for watching and I'll see you in the next lecture.